---
title: Lesson 4
layout: post
author: matthew.mccallum
permalink: /lesson-4/
source-id: 1Q7fQdjGTMO-vdNdYPpMKY9Rt3yslNlzsdhMz_APYaQA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Making our pages look better</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Didn't know what i was doing</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a Github Pages Static Website</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes, i feel like my web page looks really good now and clears the criteria.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson using w3schools helped a lot, it gave us lots of great ways to 'spice up' our pages and make them look really good. It showed us how to make tables, change fonts and font colors, importing images and lots of other cool things. Trial and error was quite important as well as we needed to see what would work and what wouldn't work, in my page i could never manage to upload the image i wanted as my background so i kept trying different ways and used w3schools to help me and then eventually i got the background i wanted on my web-page. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to not get frustrated when doing trial and error and when using w3schools, I shouldn’t get annoyed and get frustrated and just quit if they don’t have i want on there website, i should keep looking and try other websites or maybe try something of my own to try and get it to work. When using trial and error just because i don’t get it right first time, every time, doesn’t mean i should give up on myself and just ask for help. Again i should carry on and find other possibilities to complete the task.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try other websites and my friends if i can't find something i’m looking for, i shouldn’t just sit there being stuck. I should also use w3schools and other helpful websites for often as more often than not i am stuck or am struggling with a bit of code or im struggling to find something. W3schools Usually has the answer to pretty much anything css related, it will help me a lot if use it more often.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


