---
title: Lesson 6
layout: post
author: matthew.mccallum
permalink: /lesson-6/
source-id: 1e4XgWdUvYBiCYPpZi0WZqaFlPJLzjWWwZmmVxszS7oY
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Improving our spreadsheets</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>A little idea, from last lesson</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a Github Pages Static Website</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes, my spreadsheet works just as it should</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this exercise we needed to code certain parts of spreadsheet so that it would work out our final answer for me and also so that if i changed what the box said, the computer could then change all the other code so that the code would still run perfectly so that i wouldn't have to go through changing each individual box if i needed to change something in one box, as always note taking was very helpful so that we knew what to do, but also i feel you need to start relying more on independence and having the confidence to do it myself without assistance or help.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As i just stated i need to start becoming more independent and more self confidence, for me personally i feel that it's key for me to start doing this or else i’m limiting my learning and before i start i’m thinking i cannot do it,therefore i won’t be able to do it, if i have the right mindset going in then it will be easier for me to get things right and for me to progress in my learning except for me just keep getting stuck. I feel i just simply need to also pay more attention when someone, a class member or teacher, is speaking because they could say something really important or helpful and if i’m not listening then i won’t have that to help me.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In future i will pay attention so that i can hear and understand everything, i will take better and more in depth notes so i know exactly what to do, and i will feel in more confident in myself as i know i can do it, i just need to think like that in the listen and before i go in, this can also help me in lots of other subjects that i'm not that confident in as it will make me determined that i can do it</td>
  </tr>
</table>


