---
title: Lesson 2
layout: post
author: matthew.mccallum
permalink: /lesson-2/
source-id: 16KraPRp8tIxly91Q-X1wNyyUjLoRfasnEWF3tr8h_Ds
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Using CSS and making my blog look good.</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>16/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I didn't know how to use or do anything</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a Github Pages Static Website</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes, i managed to change my layout on my website</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Again note taking was very effective as there was a lot to do and remember. Trial and error also helped as in this lesson we were experimenting with our backgrounds and our words and colors on our website. Perseverance also helps as when i was stuck i would sometimes sit there waiting for Sir to help me, but if i carried on i could've worked it out myself and learnt more.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Again taking notes, i need to type fast because Sir is speaking and i can't hesitate or else i could and will lose vital information i need for the lesson and then i will get stuck later on in the lesson and once again be asking for help. I need to be more confident in myself and experimenting on my website, this will help me learn and to become more confident in my IT skills.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Again i am still going to improve on my note taking so i get down all the information i need and so that i won't get stuck in the lesson, I will be ready with my google docs setup for note taking so that as soon as he starts i'm ready to start taking notes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


