---
title: Lesson 5
layout: post
author: matthew.mccallum
permalink: /lesson-5/
source-id: 14EuYpZL3PTDIfD2IdSnfm9JCFYSF-RaQY94QVX5aGSU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Google Sheets</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>15/10/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I knew absolutely nothing</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To start making google spreadsheets</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> yes, my Spreadsheet was working </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today we started learning how to use google sheets. As always we had to take notes to help us in this lesson because if we didn't we would not have known what to do and I had would've got stuck during the lesson. We were using 'if' coding so that when we wanted our final price, the computer would work it out itself, it also meant that if we changed the quantity or the prices of our products, the computer would take into account the change, and would then calculate the change and the new finished price. Funnily enough just making our tables neat helped a lot as it meant stuff was easy to find and coding was easier as it meant sections were easy to click on and code was easy to find. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that in this lesson we really reflected on how we are all capable of doing extremely well in Computing if we all try and look to improve, but we will be very bad and struggle if we can’t be bothered and just don’t try, i think that's really important for me to maybe try and improve so that i can enhance my learning during IT</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try and be more willing and try and put more effort in as we know the harder we work and the harder we try the more we will get done and the better our website will be and also we will just learn more, and then i can also take this into other subjects and other learning habits, this doesn't have to just be for IT, i need to realise that what i'm learning now will help me in the future, because although i’m not going to be some sort of technical man, i will still have to use a computer for things and i will have to use some of the learning habits</td>
  </tr>
</table>


