---
title: Lesson 3
layout: post
author: matthew.mccallum
permalink: /lesson-3/
source-id: 10v1ppMv49NekdLwhTdkSNis37XUzxS5BQ3yERCZEkRk
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Creating tables for our website</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>No idea of what to do</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a Github Pages Static Website</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes, my blogs showed up with tables</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>as always note taking was very effective as we needed to know what to do and how to get to the right places and what to do in the right places. A website called CCschools is also very effective as it helps it what we have to do and gives really useful demonstrations for all of the pieces of work we are doing </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>once again I need to take more notes. I'm starting to realise I should take everything down because if there's something I think I'm not going to need but then do it means I'm stuck, if I just take everything down then even if I don't need it, it means I have it just in case. I should also take more advice and look at how other people do it so that I can continue my work by myself instead of having to ask sir or sit there stuck. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>as I said I will take everything down in my notes so that whenever I need something I will be able to do it instead of me only taking notes I think I would need and then get stuck on something that I ended up needing. I will use the website more often as it has great references and it has great examples and demonstrations. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


