---
title: Week 10
layout: post
author: matthew.mccallum
permalink: /week-10/
source-id: 1dvt6Moy7xHQd8xJZRWGh7B_21kS4LRGGdhgJAf0umEc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Phython coding</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>25/02/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>No knowledge, this is a new topic</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To be able to talk to the computer</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> After a while</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson we were mostly just listening to our teacher, he was telling us computational thinking/the breaking down of our problems. We talked about optical illusion and how your brain can trick you into thinking things that aren't true. We then started t make our Python program which should be programmed so that it can answer to different types of responses e.g. GoOd, GOod, Good, goOD etc. the starter task wasn't too hard so we finished it rather quickly but the extension question was a lot harder, we had to make the responses reply to what i just stated above.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Although i listened attentively i think there were some points i had missed so i think note taking could be a good idea in future lessons. I should start applying what i learnt into my problems, i should try and break it down and then think what is wrong instead of just asking what is the answer. I need to think if it's a 'trick’ and see if my brain is telling me something that isn’t true.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will take what has been learnt from past lessons and i will input that in to lessons to come, i will asses the situation with more care before i decide i'm stuck and that i need help. I will take notes to make sure that i know everything that will help and that could give me an advantage when doing my programming.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


